# AgriCraft 1.7.10-1.5.0
version:1.7
modname:AgriCraft



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropAllium4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropAllium4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCactus4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCactus4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCarrot4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCarrot4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCinderpearl1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCinderpearl1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCinderpearl2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCinderpearl2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCinderpearl3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCinderpearl3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropCinderpearl4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropCinderpearl4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDaisy4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDaisy4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropDandelion4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropDandelion4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropOrchid4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropOrchid4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPoppy4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPoppy4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropPotato4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropPotato4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShimmerleaf1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShimmerleaf1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShimmerleaf2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShimmerleaf2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShimmerleaf3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShimmerleaf3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShimmerleaf4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShimmerleaf4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomBrown4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomBrown4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropShroomRed4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropShroomRed4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropSugarcane4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropSugarcane4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTaintedRoot1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTaintedRoot1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTaintedRoot2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTaintedRoot2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTaintedRoot3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTaintedRoot3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTaintedRoot4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTaintedRoot4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipOrange4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipOrange4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipPink4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipPink4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipRed4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipRed4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropTulipWhite4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropTulipWhite4.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropVishroom1,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropVishroom1.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropVishroom2,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropVishroom2.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropVishroom3,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropVishroom3.png
texture:id=agricraft/cropVishroom4,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/cropVishroom4.png
texture:id=agricraft/crops,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/crops.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralBottom,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralBottom.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralInner,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralInner.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralSide,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralSide.png
texture:id=agricraft/peripheralTop,filename=assets/agricraft/textures/blocks/peripheralTop.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png



# %crops:* (crops), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderCrop(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockCrop
block:id=%crops,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:agricraft/crops

# %seedAnalyzer:* (seedAnalyzer), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockSeedAnalyzer
block:id=%seedAnalyzer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %waterPad:* (waterPad), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderWaterPad(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterPad
block:id=%waterPad,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt
block:id=%waterPad,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side
block:id=%waterPad,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt

# %waterPadFull:* (waterPadFull), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderWaterPad(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockWaterPadFull
block:id=%waterPadFull,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt
block:id=%waterPadFull,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side
block:id=%waterPadFull,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt

# %seedStorage:* (seedStorage), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderSeedStorage(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockSeedStorage
block:id=%seedStorage,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %peripheral:* (peripheral), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderPeripheral(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockPeripheral
block:id=%peripheral,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:agricraft/peripheralTop,face1=0:agricraft/peripheralSide,face2=0:agricraft/peripheralBottom,face3-5=0:agricraft/peripheralInner

# %fence:* (fence), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderBlockFence(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockFence
block:id=%fence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %fenceGate:* (fenceGate), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderBlockFenceGate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockFenceGate
block:id=%fenceGate,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %grate:* (grate), render=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.renderers.blocks.RenderBlockGrate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockGrate
block:id=%grate,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %cropPotato:* (cropPotato), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPotato,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato1
block:id=%cropPotato,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato2
block:id=%cropPotato,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato3
block:id=%cropPotato,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato4
block:id=%cropPotato,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato2
block:id=%cropPotato,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato3
block:id=%cropPotato,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPotato4

# %cropCarrot:* (cropCarrot), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot1
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot2
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot3
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot4
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot2
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot3
block:id=%cropCarrot,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCarrot4

# %cropSugarcane:* (cropSugarcane), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane1
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane2
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane3
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane4
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane2
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane3
block:id=%cropSugarcane,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropSugarcane4

# %cropDandelion:* (cropDandelion), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion1
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion2
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion3
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion4
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion2
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion3
block:id=%cropDandelion,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDandelion4

# %cropPoppy:* (cropPoppy), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy1
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy2
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy3
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy4
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy2
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy3
block:id=%cropPoppy,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropPoppy4

# %cropOrchid:* (cropOrchid), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid1
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid2
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid3
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid4
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid2
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid3
block:id=%cropOrchid,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropOrchid4

# %cropAllium:* (cropAllium), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropAllium,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium1
block:id=%cropAllium,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium2
block:id=%cropAllium,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium3
block:id=%cropAllium,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium4
block:id=%cropAllium,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium2
block:id=%cropAllium,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium3
block:id=%cropAllium,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropAllium4

# %cropTulipRed:* (cropTulipRed), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed1
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed2
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed3
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed4
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed2
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed3
block:id=%cropTulipRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipRed4

# %cropTulipOrange:* (cropTulipOrange), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange1
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange2
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange3
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange4
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange2
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange3
block:id=%cropTulipOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipOrange4

# %cropTulipWhite:* (cropTulipWhite), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite1
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite2
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite3
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite4
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite2
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite3
block:id=%cropTulipWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipWhite4

# %cropTulipPink:* (cropTulipPink), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink1
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink2
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink3
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink4
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink2
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink3
block:id=%cropTulipPink,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTulipPink4

# %cropDaisy:* (cropDaisy), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy1
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy2
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy3
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy4
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy2
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy3
block:id=%cropDaisy,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropDaisy4

# %cropCactus:* (cropCactus), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropCactus,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus1
block:id=%cropCactus,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus2
block:id=%cropCactus,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus3
block:id=%cropCactus,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus4
block:id=%cropCactus,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus2
block:id=%cropCactus,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus3
block:id=%cropCactus,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCactus4

# %cropShroomRed:* (cropShroomRed), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed1
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed2
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed3
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed4
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed2
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed3
block:id=%cropShroomRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomRed4

# %cropShroomBrown:* (cropShroomBrown), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown1
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown2
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown3
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown4
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown2
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown3
block:id=%cropShroomBrown,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShroomBrown4

# %cropCinderpearl:* (cropCinderpearl), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl1
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl2
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl3
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl4
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl2
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl3
block:id=%cropCinderpearl,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropCinderpearl4

# %cropShimmerleaf:* (cropShimmerleaf), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf1
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf2
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf3
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf4
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf2
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf3
block:id=%cropShimmerleaf,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropShimmerleaf4

# %cropVishroom:* (cropVishroom), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom1
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom2
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom3
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom4
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom2
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom3
block:id=%cropVishroom,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropVishroom4

# %cropTaintedRoot:* (cropTaintedRoot), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.InfinityRaider.AgriCraft.blocks.BlockModPlant
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot1
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot2
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot3
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot4
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot2
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot3
block:id=%cropTaintedRoot,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:agricraft/cropTaintedRoot4
