# Automagy 0.28.2
version:1.7
modname:Automagy


cfgfile:config/Automagy.cfg


texturepath:assets/automagy/textures/blocks/
texture:id=Automagy/amberMemory,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/amberMemory.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockAmnesiac,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockAmnesiac.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockBookshelfEnchanted,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockBookshelfEnchanted.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockBookshelfEnchantedSilverwood,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockBookshelfEnchantedSilverwood.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockDimensionLure,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockDimensionLure.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockDimensionLureSide,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockDimensionLureSide.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockEntitySignal,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockEntitySignal.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockEssentiaLocus,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockEssentiaLocus.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockFinicalMaw,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockFinicalMaw.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockFluidMilk,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockFluidMilk.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockFluidMushroom,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockFluidMushroom.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockFluidVishroom,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockFluidVishroom.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockGolemInhibitor,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockGolemInhibitor.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockGolemTaskmaster,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockGolemTaskmaster.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockHourglassMagic,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockHourglassMagic.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockHungryMaw,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockHungryMaw.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockInventarium,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockInventarium.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockMobLure,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockMobLure.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneBat,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneBat.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneBlaze,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneBlaze.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneCelerity,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneCelerity.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneCrystal,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneCrystal.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneGhast,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneGhast.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneLava,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneLava.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneLight,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneLight.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneRock,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneRock.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneSkull,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneSkull.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneSlime,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneSlime.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneSoul,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneSoul.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneWisp,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneWisp.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNetherRuneZombie,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNetherRuneZombie.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNethermind,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNethermind.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNethermindBottom,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNethermindBottom.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockNethermindSide,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockNethermindSide.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockQuartzBuffer,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockQuartzBuffer.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRedcrystal,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRedcrystal.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRedcrystalAmp,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRedcrystalAmp.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRedcrystalDense,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRedcrystalDense.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRedcrystalDim,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRedcrystalDim.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRedcrystalMerc,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRedcrystalMerc.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRedcrystalRes,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRedcrystalRes.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRemoteComparator,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRemoteComparator.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRunedObsidian,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRunedObsidian.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRunedObsidian2,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRunedObsidian2.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRunedObsidian3,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRunedObsidian3.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRunedObsidian4,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRunedObsidian4.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRunedObsidian5,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRunedObsidian5.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockRunedObsidian6,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockRunedObsidian6.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockSoulStone,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockSoulStone.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTally,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTally.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTallyLensDrops,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTallyLensDrops.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTallyLensWorld,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTallyLensWorld.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTallyRead,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTallyRead.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTallyRedOn,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTallyRedOn.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTorchInversion,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTorchInversion.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockTorchInversion_off,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockTorchInversion_off.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockVisReader_btm.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockVisReader_e,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockVisReader_e.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockVisReader_n,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockVisReader_n.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockVisReader_s,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockVisReader_s.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockVisReader_top,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockVisReader_top.png
texture:id=Automagy/blockVisReader_w,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/blockVisReader_w.png
texture:id=Automagy/jar_side_infinity,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/jar_side_infinity.png
texture:id=Automagy/jar_top_infinity,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/jar_top_infinity.png
texture:id=Automagy/locus_aggregator_side,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/locus_aggregator_side.png
texture:id=Automagy/locus_aggregator_top,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/locus_aggregator_top.png
texture:id=Automagy/mirrorInputFrame,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/mirrorInputFrame.png
texture:id=Automagy/mirrorMultiDestFrame,filename=assets/automagy/textures/blocks/mirrorMultiDestFrame.png
texture:id=minecraft/glass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glass.png
texture:id=minecraft/lapis_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/lapis_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberblock_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberblock_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/amberbrick,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/amberbrick.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/jar_bottom,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/jar_bottom.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/jar_side,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/jar_side.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/jar_side_void,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/jar_side_void.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/jar_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/jar_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/jar_top_void,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/jar_top_void.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/metalbase,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/metalbase.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/obsidiantile,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/obsidiantile.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/pedestal_top,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/pedestal_top.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/planks_greatwood,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/planks_greatwood.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/planks_silverwood,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/planks_silverwood.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/thaumiumblock,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/thaumiumblock.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/warded_glass_1,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/warded_glass_1.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/woodplain,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/woodplain.png



# %blockRedcrystal:* (blockRedcrystal), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRedcrystal
block:id=%blockRedcrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRedcrystal

# %blockRedcrystalAmp:* (blockRedcrystalAmp), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRedcrystalAmp
block:id=%blockRedcrystalAmp,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRedcrystalAmp

# %blockRedcrystalDim:* (blockRedcrystalDim), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRedcrystalDim
block:id=%blockRedcrystalDim,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRedcrystalDim

# %blockRedcrystalDense:* (blockRedcrystalDense), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRedcrystalDense
block:id=%blockRedcrystalDense,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRedcrystalDense

# %blockRedcrystalRes:* (blockRedcrystalRes), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRedcrystalRes
block:id=%blockRedcrystalRes,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRedcrystalRes

# %blockRedcrystalMerc:* (blockRedcrystalMerc), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRedcrystalMerc
block:id=%blockRedcrystalMerc,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRedcrystalMerc

# %blockTorchInversion:* (blockTorchInversion), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTorchInversion
block:id=%blockTorchInversion,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:Automagy/blockTorchInversion

# %blockTorchInversion_off:* (blockTorchInversion_off), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTorchInversion
block:id=%blockTorchInversion_off,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:Automagy/blockTorchInversion_off

# %blockRemoteComparator:* (blockRemoteComparator), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRemoteComparator
block:id=%blockRemoteComparator,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRemoteComparator

# %blockVisReader:* (blockVisReader), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockVisReader
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w
block:id=%blockVisReader,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_btm,face1=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_top,face2=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_w,face3=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_e,face4=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_s,face5=0:Automagy/blockVisReader_n

# %blockTally:* (blockTally), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTally
block:id=%blockTally,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockTallyRedOn,face1=0:Automagy/blockTallyRead,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockTally

# %blockHourglass:* (blockHourglass), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockHourglass
block:id=%blockHourglass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/glass

# %blockHourglassMagic:* (blockHourglassMagic), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockHourglassMagic
block:id=%blockHourglassMagic,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockHourglassMagic

# %blockGreedyChest:* (blockGreedyChest), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.BlockModChestRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockGreedyChest
block:id=%blockGreedyChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockEagerChest:* (blockEagerChest), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.BlockModChestRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockEagerChest
block:id=%blockEagerChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockTenaciousChest:* (blockTenaciousChest), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.BlockModChestRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTenaciousChest
block:id=%blockTenaciousChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockHungryMaw:* (blockHungryMaw), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockMawHungry
block:id=%blockHungryMaw,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockHungryMaw

# %blockFinicalMaw:* (blockFinicalMaw), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockMawFinical
block:id=%blockFinicalMaw,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockFinicalMaw

# %blockGolemInhibitor:* (blockGolemInhibitor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockGolemInhibitor
block:id=%blockGolemInhibitor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockGolemInhibitor

# %blockEntitySignal:* (blockEntitySignal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockEntitySignal
block:id=%blockEntitySignal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockEntitySignal

# %blockEssentiaLocus:* (blockEssentiaLocus), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockEssentiaLocus
block:id=%blockEssentiaLocus,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockEssentiaLocus

# %blockEssentiaLocusAggregator:* (blockEssentiaLocusAggregator), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.RenderBlockGlowOverlay(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockEssentiaLocusAggregator
block:id=%blockEssentiaLocusAggregator,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/lapis_block,face1=0:Automagy/locus_aggregator_top,face2-5=0:Automagy/locus_aggregator_side

# %blockInventarium:* (blockInventarium), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockInventarium
block:id=%blockInventarium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockInventarium

# %blockUnseenScribe:* (blockUnseenScribe), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockUnseenScribe
block:id=%blockUnseenScribe,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockScribePointer:* (blockScribePointer), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockScribePointer
block:id=%blockScribePointer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top

# %blockGolemTaskmaster:* (blockGolemTaskmaster), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockGolemTaskmaster
block:id=%blockGolemTaskmaster,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockGolemTaskmaster

# %blockReqTome:* (blockReqTome), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRequisitionTome
block:id=%blockReqTome,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pedestal_top

# %blockBookshelfEnchanted:* (blockBookshelfEnchanted), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockBookshelfEnchanted
block:id=%blockBookshelfEnchanted,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/planks_greatwood,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockBookshelfEnchanted
block:id=%blockBookshelfEnchanted,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/planks_silverwood,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockBookshelfEnchantedSilverwood
block:id=%blockBookshelfEnchanted,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/planks_greatwood,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockBookshelfEnchanted

# %blockTranslucent:* (blockTranslucent), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockCosmeticOpaqueRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTranslucent
block:id=%blockTranslucent,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:thaumcraft/amberblock_top,face2-5=12000:thaumcraft/amberblock
block:id=%blockTranslucent,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thaumcraft/amberbrick
block:id=%blockTranslucent,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thaumcraft/warded_glass_1

# %blockMetalGlow:* (blockMetalGlow), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.RenderBlockGlowOverlay(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockMetalGlow
block:id=%blockMetalGlow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/amberMemory

# %blockNethermind:* (blockNethermind), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.RenderBlockGlowOverlay(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockNethermind
block:id=%blockNethermind,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockNethermindBottom,face1=0:Automagy/blockNethermind,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockNethermindSide

# %blockRunedObsidian:* (blockRunedObsidian), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockRunedObsidian
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRunedObsidian2
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRunedObsidian3
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRunedObsidian4
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRunedObsidian5
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRunedObsidian6
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockRunedObsidian
block:id=%blockRunedObsidian,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/obsidiantile

# %blockNetherRune:* (blockNetherRune), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockNetherRune
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneRock
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneLava
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneCrystal
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneLight
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneSoul
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneCelerity
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneRock
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneLava
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneCrystal
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneLight
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneSoul
block:id=%blockNetherRune,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneCelerity

# %blockNetherRuneMob:* (blockNetherRuneMob), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockNetherRuneCreature
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneZombie
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneBlaze
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneGhast
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneSkull
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneSlime
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneBat
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneWisp
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneZombie
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneBlaze
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneGhast
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneSkull
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneSlime
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneBat
block:id=%blockNetherRuneMob,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockNetherRuneWisp

# %blockMobLure:* (blockMobLure), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockMobLure
block:id=%blockMobLure,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockMobLure

# %blockDimensionLure:* (blockDimensionLure), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockDimensionLure
block:id=%blockDimensionLure,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockDimensionLureSide,face1=0:Automagy/blockDimensionLure,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockDimensionLureSide

# %blockGolemWorkbench:* (blockGolemWorkbench), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockGolemWorkbench
block:id=%blockGolemWorkbench,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/woodplain

# %blockThirstyTank:* (blockThirstyTank), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockThirstyTank
block:id=%blockThirstyTank,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/pedestal_top

# %blockBoiler:* (blockBoiler), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockBoiler
block:id=%blockBoiler,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/metalbase

# %blockCreativeJar:* (blockCreativeJar), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockJarRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockJarCreative
block:id=%blockCreativeJar,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumcraft/jar_bottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/jar_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/jar_side
block:id=%blockCreativeJar,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumcraft/jar_bottom,face1=0:Automagy/jar_top_infinity,face2-5=0:Automagy/jar_side_infinity
block:id=%blockCreativeJar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/jar_bottom

# %blockAmnesiac:* (blockAmnesiac), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockAmnesiac
block:id=%blockAmnesiac,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockAmnesiac

# %blockXPStone:* (blockXPStone), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockXPStone
block:id=%blockXPStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockSoulStone

# %blockXPJar:* (blockXPJar), render=thaumcraft.client.renderers.block.BlockJarRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockJarXP
block:id=%blockXPJar,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumcraft/jar_bottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/jar_top,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/jar_side
block:id=%blockXPJar,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumcraft/jar_bottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/jar_top_void,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/jar_side_void
block:id=%blockXPJar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/jar_bottom

# %blockThaumostaticPylon:* (blockThaumostaticPylon), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockThaumostaticPylon
block:id=%blockThaumostaticPylon,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Automagy/blockQuartzBuffer

# %blockMirrorAlt:* (blockMirrorAlt), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockMirrorAlt
block:id=%blockMirrorAlt,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/mirrorInputFrame

# %blockMirrorMultiDest:* (blockMirrorMultiDest), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockMirrorMultiDest
block:id=%blockMirrorMultiDest,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Automagy/mirrorMultiDestFrame

# %blockFluidMilk:* (blockFluidMilk), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.fluid.BlockFluidMilk
block:id=%blockFluidMilk,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:Automagy/blockFluidMilk

# %blockFluidMushroom:* (blockFluidMushroom), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.fluid.BlockFluidMushroom
block:id=%blockFluidMushroom,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:Automagy/blockFluidMushroom

# %blockFluidVishroom:* (blockFluidVishroom), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.fluid.BlockFluidVishroom
block:id=%blockFluidVishroom,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:Automagy/blockFluidVishroom

# %blockPhenomenon:* (blockPhenomenon), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockSpecialProcess
block:id=%blockPhenomenon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %blockThaumostaticSpire:* (blockThaumostaticSpire), render=tuhljin.automagy.renderers.ItemBlockBasicRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockThaumostaticRefuelerSpire
block:id=%blockThaumostaticSpire,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumcraft/thaumiumblock

# %blockTallyLensWorld:* (blockTallyLensWorld), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTallyWorld
block:id=%blockTallyLensWorld,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockTallyRedOn,face1=0:Automagy/blockTallyLensWorld,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockTally

# %blockTallyLensDrops:* (blockTallyLensDrops), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tuhljin.automagy.blocks.BlockTallyDrops
block:id=%blockTallyLensDrops,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:Automagy/blockTallyRedOn,face1=0:Automagy/blockTallyLensDrops,face2-5=0:Automagy/blockTally
