# BiblioCraft 1.11.7
version:1.7
modname:BiblioCraft


cfgfile:config/BiblioCraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/bibliocraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/anvil_base,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/anvil_base.png
texture:id=minecraft/glass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glass.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_spruce.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png



# %tile.BiblioFramedChest:* (tile.BiblioFramedChest), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockFramedChest
block:id=%tile.BiblioFramedChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioPaneler:* (BiblioPaneler), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockFurniturePaneler
block:id=%BiblioPaneler,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioClipboard:* (BiblioClipboard), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockClipboard
block:id=%BiblioClipboard,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioTypewriter:* (BiblioTypewriter), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockTypewriter
block:id=%BiblioTypewriter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioClock:* (BiblioClock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockClock
block:id=%BiblioClock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioFlatPainting:* (BiblioFlatPainting), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPaintingFrameFlat
block:id=%BiblioFlatPainting,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioSimplePainting:* (BiblioSimplePainting), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPaintingFrameSimple
block:id=%BiblioSimplePainting,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioMiddlePainting:* (BiblioMiddlePainting), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPaintingFrameMiddle
block:id=%BiblioMiddlePainting,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioFancyPainting:* (BiblioFancyPainting), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPaintingFrameFancy
block:id=%BiblioFancyPainting,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioBorderlessPainting:* (BiblioBorderlessPainting), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPaintingFrameBorderless
block:id=%BiblioBorderlessPainting,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioPaintPress:* (BiblioPaintPress), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPaintPress
block:id=%BiblioPaintPress,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/anvil_base

# %BiblioSwordPedestal:* (BiblioSwordPedestal), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockSwordPedestal
block:id=%BiblioSwordPedestal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %BiblioFancySign:* (BiblioFancySign), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockFancySign
block:id=%BiblioFancySign,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioWorkbench:* (BiblioWorkbench), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockFancyWorkbench
block:id=%BiblioWorkbench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioBell:* (BiblioBell), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockBell
block:id=%BiblioBell,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %Bibliotheca:* (Bibliotheca), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockBookcase
block:id=%Bibliotheca,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BookcaseFilled:* (BookcaseFilled), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockBookcaseCreative
block:id=%BookcaseFilled,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioPotionShelf:* (BiblioPotionShelf), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPotionShelf
block:id=%BiblioPotionShelf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioShelf:* (BiblioShelf), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockGenericShelf
block:id=%BiblioShelf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioRack:* (BiblioRack), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockWeaponRack
block:id=%BiblioRack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioCase:* (BiblioCase), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockWeaponCase
block:id=%BiblioCase,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioLabel:* (BiblioLabel), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockLabel
block:id=%BiblioLabel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioDesk:* (BiblioDesk), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockWritingDesk
block:id=%BiblioDesk,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioTable:* (BiblioTable), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockTable
block:id=%BiblioTable,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %Armor Stand:* (Armor Stand), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockArmorStand
block:id=%Armor Stand,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %Typesetting Machine:* (Typesetting Machine), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockTypeMachine
block:id=%Typesetting Machine,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %Printing Press:* (Printing Press), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockPrintPress
block:id=%Printing Press,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/anvil_base

# %BiblioLantern:* (BiblioLantern), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockLantern
block:id=%BiblioLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block

# %BiblioIronLantern:* (BiblioIronLantern), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockIronLantern
block:id=%BiblioIronLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %BiblioLamp:* (BiblioLamp), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockLamp
block:id=%BiblioLamp,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block

# %BiblioIronLamp:* (BiblioIronLamp), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockIronLamp
block:id=%BiblioIronLamp,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %BiblioStuffs:* (BiblioStuffs), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockStuff
block:id=%BiblioStuffs,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/glass

# %BiblioMapFrames:* (BiblioMapFrames), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockMapFrame
block:id=%BiblioMapFrames,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce

# %BiblioSeats:* (BiblioSeats), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=jds.bibliocraft.blocks.BlockSeat
block:id=%BiblioSeats,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce
