# Railcraft 9.12.2.0
version:1.7
modname:Railcraft


cfgfile:config/railcraft/railcraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=minecraft/deadbush,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/deadbush.png
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/fern,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/fern.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice_packed,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice_packed.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/nether_brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/nether_brick.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_chiseled.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_chiseled_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/rail_normal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/rail_normal.png
texture:id=minecraft/rail_normal_turned,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/rail_normal_turned.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_carved,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_carved.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_normal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_normal.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_smooth,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_smooth.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/snow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/snow.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone_slab_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone_slab_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_carved,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_carved.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_cracked,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_cracked.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_mossy,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_mossy.png
texture:id=minecraft/tallgrass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tallgrass.png
texture:id=railcraft/admin.steam.producer.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/admin.steam.producer.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.admin.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.admin.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.admin.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.admin.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.passive.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.passive.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.passive.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.passive.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.personal.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.personal.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.personal.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.personal.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.sentinel.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.sentinel.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.sentinel.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.sentinel.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.world.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.world.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.world.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.world.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/anvil_base,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anvil_base.png
texture:id=railcraft/blast.furnace.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/blast.furnace.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/blast.furnace.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/blast.furnace.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.liquid.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.liquid.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.solid.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.solid.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.high.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.high.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.low.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.low.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/cage.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cage.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/cage.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cage.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/cage.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cage.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/chest.metals.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/chest.metals.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/chest.void.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/chest.void.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/coke.oven.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/coke.oven.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/coke.oven.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/coke.oven.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/concrete,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/concrete.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.brick.infernal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.brick.infernal.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.brick.sandy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.brick.sandy.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.coke,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.coke.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.copper,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.copper.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.crushed.obsidian,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.crushed.obsidian.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.lead,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.lead.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.steel,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.steel.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.stone.abyssal.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.stone.quarried,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.stone.quarried.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.tin,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.tin.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.advanced.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.advanced.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.advanced.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.advanced.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.age.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.age.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.age.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.age.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.animal.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.animal.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.animal.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.animal.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.any.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.any.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.any.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.any.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.empty.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.empty.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.empty.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.empty.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.energy.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.energy.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.energy.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.energy.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.explosive.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.explosive.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.explosive.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.explosive.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.item.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.item.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.item.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.item.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.locomotive.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.locomotive.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.locomotive.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.locomotive.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.mob.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.mob.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.mob.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.mob.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.player.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.player.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.player.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.player.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.powered.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.powered.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.powered.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.powered.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.sheep.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.sheep.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.sheep.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.sheep.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.tank.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.tank.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.tank.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.tank.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.train.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.train.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.train.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.train.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.villager.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.villager.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.villager.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.villager.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.cart.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.cart.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.cart.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.cart.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.cart.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.cart.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.train.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.train.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.train.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.train.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.train.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.train.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/electric.feeder.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/electric.feeder.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/electric.feeder.admin.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/electric.feeder.admin.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.high.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.high.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.hobby.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.hobby.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.low.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.low.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/engraving.bench.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engraving.bench.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/engraving.bench.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engraving.bench.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/engraving.bench.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engraving.bench.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/feed.station.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/feed.station.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/feed.station.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/feed.station.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/creosote_flow,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/creosote_flow.png
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/creosote_still,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/creosote_still.png
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/steam_still,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/steam_still.png
texture:id=railcraft/flux.transformer.cap,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/flux.transformer.cap.png
texture:id=railcraft/flux.transformer.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/flux.transformer.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/force.track.emitter.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/force.track.emitter.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/frame.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/frame.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/frame.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/frame.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/glass.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/glass.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.energy.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.energy.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.energy.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.energy.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.energy.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.energy.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.advanced.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.advanced.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.advanced.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.advanced.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.advanced.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.advanced.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.liquid.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.liquid.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.liquid.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.liquid.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.liquid.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.liquid.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.rf.facing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.rf.facing.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.rf.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.rf.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.10,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.10.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.11,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.11.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.12,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.12.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.13,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.13.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.14,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.14.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.15,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.15.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.4,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.4.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.5,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.5.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.6,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.6.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.7,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.7.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.8,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.8.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted.9,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.9.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.wood,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.wood.png
texture:id=railcraft/rock.crusher.11,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rock.crusher.11.png
texture:id=railcraft/rock.crusher.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rock.crusher.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/rock.crusher.7,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rock.crusher.7.png
texture:id=railcraft/rolling.machine.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rolling.machine.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/rolling.machine.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rolling.machine.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/rolling.machine.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rolling.machine.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.analog,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.analog.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.block.relay,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.block.relay.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.capacitor,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.capacitor.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.controller,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.controller.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.interlock,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.interlock.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.receiver,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.receiver.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.sequencer,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.sequencer.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.dual.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.dual.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.single.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.single.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.lever,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.lever.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.motor,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.motor.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.routing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.routing.png
texture:id=railcraft/smoker.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/smoker.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/smoker.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/smoker.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/smoker.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/smoker.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.oven.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.oven.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.oven.3,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.oven.3.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.oven.6,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.oven.6.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.auto.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.auto.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.auto.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.auto.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.auto.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.auto.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.gauge.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.gauge.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.valve.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.valve.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.valve.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.valve.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.wall.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.wall.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.wall.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.wall.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.gauge.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.gauge.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.valve.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.valve.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.valve.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.valve.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.wall.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.wall.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.wall.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.wall.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.water.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.water.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tank.water.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.water.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/tracks/track.elevator.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.elevator.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/tracks/track.elevator.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.elevator.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/trade.station.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/trade.station.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/trade.station.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/trade.station.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/trade.station.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/trade.station.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/turbine.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/turbine.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/turbine.6,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/turbine.6.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.energy.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.energy.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.energy.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.energy.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.energy.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.energy.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.advanced.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.advanced.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.advanced.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.liquid.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.liquid.0.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.liquid.1,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.liquid.1.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.liquid.2,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.liquid.2.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.rf.facing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.rf.facing.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.rf.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.rf.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/wire.0,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/wire.0.png



# %fluid.creosote:* (fluid.creosote), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.fluids.BlockRailcraftFluid
block:id=%fluid.creosote,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:railcraft/fluids/creosote_still,face2-5=12000:railcraft/fluids/creosote_flow

# %fluid.steam:* (fluid.steam), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.fluids.BlockRailcraftFluidFinite
block:id=%fluid.steam,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:railcraft/fluids/steam_still

# %residual.heat:* (residual.heat), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.hidden.BlockHidden
block:id=%residual.heat,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/deadbush
block:id=%residual.heat,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/tallgrass
block:id=%residual.heat,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/fern
block:id=%residual.heat,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/deadbush

# %cube:* (cube), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.cube.BlockCube
block:id=%cube,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.coke
block:id=%cube,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%cube,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.steel
block:id=%cube,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.brick.infernal
block:id=%cube,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.crushed.obsidian
block:id=%cube,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.brick.sandy
block:id=%cube,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal
block:id=%cube,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.quarried
block:id=%cube,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%cube,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.copper
block:id=%cube,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.tin
block:id=%cube,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.lead
block:id=%cube,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete

# %anvil:* (anvil), render=(ANVIL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.anvil.BlockRCAnvil
block:id=%anvil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/anvil_base

# %machine.alpha:* (machine.alpha), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.world.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/anchor.world.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:railcraft/turbine.2,face4=0:railcraft/turbine.6,face5=0:railcraft/turbine.2
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.personal.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/anchor.personal.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/steam.oven.2,face2-3=0:railcraft/steam.oven.3,face4=0:railcraft/steam.oven.6,face5=0:railcraft/steam.oven.3
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.admin.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/anchor.admin.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/smoker.0,face1=0:railcraft/smoker.1,face2-5=0:railcraft/smoker.2
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/trade.station.0,face2-3=0:railcraft/trade.station.1,face4=0:railcraft/trade.station.2,face5=0:railcraft/trade.station.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:railcraft/coke.oven.0,face4=0:railcraft/coke.oven.1,face5=0:railcraft/coke.oven.0
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/rolling.machine.0,face1=0:railcraft/rolling.machine.1,face2-5=0:railcraft/rolling.machine.2
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/steam.trap.0,face1=0:railcraft/steam.trap.2,face2-5=0:railcraft/steam.trap.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/steam.trap.auto.0,face1=0:railcraft/steam.trap.auto.2,face2-5=0:railcraft/steam.trap.auto.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/feed.station.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/feed.station.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:railcraft/blast.furnace.0,face4=0:railcraft/blast.furnace.1,face5=0:railcraft/blast.furnace.0
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.passive.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/anchor.passive.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.water.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/tank.water.1
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/rock.crusher.3,face1=0:railcraft/rock.crusher.11,face2-3=0:railcraft/rock.crusher.3,face4=0:railcraft/rock.crusher.7,face5=0:railcraft/rock.crusher.3

# %machine.beta:* (machine.beta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockMachineBeta(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.beta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iron.wall.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/tank.iron.wall.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.iron.gauge.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iron.valve.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/tank.iron.valve.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.hobby.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.low.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.high.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.sentinel.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/anchor.sentinel.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/chest.void.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/chest.metals.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.steel.wall.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/tank.steel.wall.1
block:id=%machine.beta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.steel.gauge.0
block:id=%machine.beta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.steel.valve.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/tank.steel.valve.1

# %track:* (track), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderTrack(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.tracks.BlockTrack
block:id=%track,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/rail_normal
block:id=%track,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/rail_normal_turned

# %track.elevator:* (track.elevator), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderElevator(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.tracks.BlockTrackElevator
block:id=%track.elevator,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator.1
block:id=%track.elevator,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator.1
block:id=%track.elevator,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator.0

# %signal:* (signal), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockSignal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.signals.BlockSignalRailcraft
block:id=%signal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.interlock
block:id=%signal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.dual.0
block:id=%signal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.motor
block:id=%signal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.single.0
block:id=%signal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.lever
block:id=%signal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.routing
block:id=%signal,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.sequencer
block:id=%signal,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.capacitor
block:id=%signal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.receiver
block:id=%signal,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.controller
block:id=%signal,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.analog
block:id=%signal,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.single.0
block:id=%signal,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.dual.0
block:id=%signal,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.block.relay
block:id=%signal,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.lever

# %stair:* (stair), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderStair(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.stairs.BlockRailcraftStairs
block:id=%stair,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.0
block:id=%stair,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.0
block:id=%stair,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%stair,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/snow
block:id=%stair,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/ice
block:id=%stair,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/ice_packed
block:id=%stair,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%stair,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%stair,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%stair,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.0
block:id=%stair,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.0
block:id=%stair,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.0
block:id=%stair,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.0
block:id=%stair,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.0
block:id=%stair,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.1
block:id=%stair,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.1

# %slab:* (slab), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderSlab(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.slab.BlockRailcraftSlab
block:id=%slab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.sandy.0
block:id=%slab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.infernal.0
block:id=%slab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%slab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/snow
block:id=%slab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/ice
block:id=%slab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/ice_packed
block:id=%slab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%slab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%slab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%slab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.frostbound.0
block:id=%slab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.quarried.0
block:id=%slab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.0
block:id=%slab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.0
block:id=%slab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.abyssal.0
block:id=%slab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.sandy.1
block:id=%slab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:railcraft/brick.infernal.1

# %lantern.stone:* (lantern.stone), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.lantern.BlockLantern
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.2
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_top
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone_slab_top
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.2

# %lantern.metal:* (lantern.metal), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.lantern.BlockLantern
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.copper
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.tin
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.lead
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.steel
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %brick.abyssal:* (brick.abyssal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.0
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.1
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.2
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.3
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.4
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.5
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.0

# %brick.bleachedbone:* (brick.bleachedbone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.0
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.1
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.2
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.3
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.4
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.5
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.0

# %brick.bloodstained:* (brick.bloodstained), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.0
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.1
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.2
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.3
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.4
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.5
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.0

# %brick.frostbound:* (brick.frostbound), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.0
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.1
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.2
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.3
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.4
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.5
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.0

# %brick.infernal:* (brick.infernal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.0
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.1
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.2
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.3
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.4
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.5
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.0

# %brick.quarried:* (brick.quarried), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.0
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.1
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.2
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.3
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.4
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.5
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.0

# %brick.sandy:* (brick.sandy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.0
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.1
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.2
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.3
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.4
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.5
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.0

# %brick.nether:* (brick.nether), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.nether,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.0
block:id=%brick.nether,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.1
block:id=%brick.nether,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.2
block:id=%brick.nether,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.3
block:id=%brick.nether,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.4
block:id=%brick.nether,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.5
block:id=%brick.nether,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether.0

# %post:* (post), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockPost(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPost
block:id=%post,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%post,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%post,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal
block:id=%post,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%post,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%post,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal
block:id=%post,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood

# %post.metal:* (post.metal), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockPostMetal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPostMetal
block:id=%post.metal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.0
block:id=%post.metal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.1
block:id=%post.metal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.2
block:id=%post.metal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.3
block:id=%post.metal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.4
block:id=%post.metal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.5
block:id=%post.metal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.6
block:id=%post.metal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.7
block:id=%post.metal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.8
block:id=%post.metal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.9
block:id=%post.metal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.10
block:id=%post.metal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.11
block:id=%post.metal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.12
block:id=%post.metal,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.13
block:id=%post.metal,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.14
block:id=%post.metal,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.15

# %post.metal.platform:* (post.metal.platform), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockPostMetal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPostMetal
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.0
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.1
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.2
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.3
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.4
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.5
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.6
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.7
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.8
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.9
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.10
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.11
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.12
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.13
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.14
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted.15

# %wall.alpha:* (wall.alpha), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderWall(WALL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.wall.BlockRailcraftWall
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.infernal.0
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.sandy.0
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/snow
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/ice
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick_mossy
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick_cracked
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick_carved
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/nether_brick
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/brick
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/sandstone_bottom,patch1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,patch2=0:minecraft/sandstone_normal
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,patch2=0:minecraft/sandstone_carved
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,patch2=0:minecraft/sandstone_smooth
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/obsidian
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound.0

# %wall.beta:* (wall.beta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderWall(WALL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.wall.BlockRailcraftWall
block:id=%wall.beta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,patch1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top,patch2=0:minecraft/quartz_block_side
block:id=%wall.beta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled_top,patch2=0:minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled
block:id=%wall.beta,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%wall.beta,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%wall.beta,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%wall.beta,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal.0
block:id=%wall.beta,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.quarried.0
block:id=%wall.beta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained.0
block:id=%wall.beta,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone.0
block:id=%wall.beta,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,patch1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top,patch2=0:minecraft/quartz_block_side

# %glass:* (glass), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockStrengthGlass(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.glass.BlockStrengthGlass
block:id=%glass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/glass.0

# %detector:* (detector), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.detector.BlockDetector
block:id=%detector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.item.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.item.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.item.0
block:id=%detector,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.any.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.any.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.any.0
block:id=%detector,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.empty.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.empty.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.empty.0
block:id=%detector,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.mob.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.mob.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.mob.0
block:id=%detector,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.powered.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.powered.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.powered.0
block:id=%detector,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.player.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.player.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.player.0
block:id=%detector,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.explosive.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.explosive.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.explosive.0
block:id=%detector,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.animal.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.animal.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.animal.0
block:id=%detector,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.tank.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.tank.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.tank.0
block:id=%detector,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.advanced.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.advanced.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.advanced.0
block:id=%detector,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.energy.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.energy.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.energy.0
block:id=%detector,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.age.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.age.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.age.0
block:id=%detector,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.train.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.train.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.train.0
block:id=%detector,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.sheep.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.sheep.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.sheep.0
block:id=%detector,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.villager.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.villager.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.villager.0
block:id=%detector,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive.0,face3=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive.0

# %machine.gamma:* (machine.gamma), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/loader.item.2,face1=0:railcraft/loader.item.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/loader.item.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/unloader.item.0,face1=0:railcraft/unloader.item.2,face2-5=0:railcraft/unloader.item.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/loader.item.advanced.0,face2=0:railcraft/loader.item.advanced.1,face3=0:railcraft/loader.item.advanced.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/loader.item.advanced.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.0,face2=0:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.1,face3=0:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/loader.liquid.2,face1=0:railcraft/loader.liquid.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/loader.liquid.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/unloader.liquid.0,face1=0:railcraft/unloader.liquid.2,face2-5=0:railcraft/unloader.liquid.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/loader.energy.0,face2=0:railcraft/loader.energy.1,face3=0:railcraft/loader.energy.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/loader.energy.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/unloader.energy.0,face2=0:railcraft/unloader.energy.1,face3=0:railcraft/unloader.energy.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/unloader.energy.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/dispenser.cart.0,face2=0:railcraft/dispenser.cart.1,face3=0:railcraft/dispenser.cart.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/dispenser.cart.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/dispenser.train.0,face2=0:railcraft/dispenser.train.1,face3=0:railcraft/dispenser.train.2,face4-5=0:railcraft/dispenser.train.1
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/loader.rf.side,face3=0:railcraft/loader.rf.facing,face4-5=0:railcraft/loader.rf.side
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/unloader.rf.side,face3=0:railcraft/unloader.rf.facing,face4-5=0:railcraft/unloader.rf.side
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/loader.item.2,face1=0:railcraft/loader.item.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/loader.item.1

# %machine.epsilon:* (machine.epsilon), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/electric.feeder.0
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/electric.feeder.admin.0
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/admin.steam.producer.0
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/force.track.emitter.side
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/flux.transformer.cap,face2-5=0:railcraft/flux.transformer.side
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/engraving.bench.0,face1=0:railcraft/engraving.bench.1,face2-5=0:railcraft/engraving.bench.3
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/electric.feeder.0

# %ore:* (ore), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.ore.BlockOre
block:id=%ore,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%ore,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_bottom
block:id=%ore,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal
block:id=%ore,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
block:id=%ore,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %worldlogic:* (worldlogic), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.ore.BlockWorldLogic
block:id=%worldlogic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# %firestone.recharge:* (firestone.recharge), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.items.firestone.BlockFirestoneRecharge
block:id=%firestone.recharge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %frame:* (frame), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockFrame(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.frame.BlockFrame
block:id=%frame,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/frame.1,face1=0:railcraft/frame.0,face2-5=0:railcraft/frame.1

# %machine.delta:* (machine.delta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockMachineDelta(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.delta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/wire.0
block:id=%machine.delta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/cage.0,face1=0:railcraft/cage.1,face2-5=0:railcraft/cage.2
block:id=%machine.delta,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/wire.0
