# rftools 4.23
version:1.7
modname:rftools



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/rftools/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2196_proxyBlock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2196_proxyBlock.png
texture:id=rftools/biomeAbsorber,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/biomeAbsorber.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_blank_stone,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_blank_stone.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_block,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_block.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_pattern1,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_pattern1.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_pattern3,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_pattern3.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_pattern4,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_pattern4.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_pattern5,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_pattern5.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_pattern6,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_pattern6.png
texture:id=rftools/dimblock_small_blocks,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimblock_small_blocks.png
texture:id=rftools/dimensionalShardOre,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/dimensionalShardOre.png
texture:id=rftools/liquidAbsorber,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/liquidAbsorber.png
texture:id=rftools/machineActivityProbe,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineActivityProbe.png
texture:id=rftools/machineBeamerOff,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineBeamerOff.png
texture:id=rftools/machineBlockProtector,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineBlockProtector.png
texture:id=rftools/machineBottom,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineBottom.png
texture:id=rftools/machineBuilder,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineBuilder.png
texture:id=rftools/machineCounterTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineCounterTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineCrafter1,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineCrafter1.png
texture:id=rftools/machineCrafter2,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineCrafter2.png
texture:id=rftools/machineCrafter3,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineCrafter3.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDestinationAnalyzer,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDestinationAnalyzer.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDialingDevice,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDialingDevice.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimMonitorTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimMonitorTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimensionBuilder,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimensionBuilder.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimensionBuilderC,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimensionBuilderC.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimensionEditor,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimensionEditor.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimensionEnscriber,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimensionEnscriber.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletFilterD,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletFilterD.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletFilterE,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletFilterE.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletFilterN,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletFilterN.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletFilterS,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletFilterS.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletFilterU,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletFilterU.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletFilterW,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletFilterW.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletResearcher,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletResearcher.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletScrambler,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletScrambler.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletWorkbenchSide,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletWorkbenchSide.png
texture:id=rftools/machineDimletWorkbenchTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineDimletWorkbenchTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineEnderMonitorTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineEnderMonitorTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineEndergenic,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineEndergenic.png
texture:id=rftools/machineEndergenicUp,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineEndergenicUp.png
texture:id=rftools/machineEnergyExtractor,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineEnergyExtractor.png
texture:id=rftools/machineEnvironmentalController,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineEnvironmentalController.png
texture:id=rftools/machineFront,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineFront.png
texture:id=rftools/machineFrontLiquid,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineFrontLiquid.png
texture:id=rftools/machineItemFilterD,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineItemFilterD.png
texture:id=rftools/machineItemFilterE,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineItemFilterE.png
texture:id=rftools/machineItemFilterN,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineItemFilterN.png
texture:id=rftools/machineItemFilterS,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineItemFilterS.png
texture:id=rftools/machineItemFilterU,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineItemFilterU.png
texture:id=rftools/machineItemFilterW,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineItemFilterW.png
texture:id=rftools/machineMachineInfuser,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineMachineInfuser.png
texture:id=rftools/machineMatterBooster,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineMatterBooster.png
texture:id=rftools/machineModularStorage,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineModularStorage.png
texture:id=rftools/machinePearlInjector,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machinePearlInjector.png
texture:id=rftools/machineReceiver,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineReceiver.png
texture:id=rftools/machineRedstoneReceiver,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineRedstoneReceiver.png
texture:id=rftools/machineRedstoneTransmitter,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineRedstoneTransmitter.png
texture:id=rftools/machineRelay_on,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineRelay_on.png
texture:id=rftools/machineRemoteStorage,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineRemoteStorage.png
texture:id=rftools/machineScreenController,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineScreenController.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSecurityManager,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSecurityManager.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSequencerTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSequencerTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineShieldProjector,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineShieldProjector.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSide,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSide.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSideC,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSideC.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSimpleDialer,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSimpleDialer.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSpaceChamber,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSpaceChamber.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSpaceChamberController,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSpaceChamberController.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSpaceProjector,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSpaceProjector.png
texture:id=rftools/machineSpawner,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineSpawner.png
texture:id=rftools/machineStorageScanner,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineStorageScanner.png
texture:id=rftools/machineTimerTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineTimerTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineTop,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineTop.png
texture:id=rftools/machineTransmitter,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/machineTransmitter.png
texture:id=rftools/materialAbsorber,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/materialAbsorber.png
texture:id=rftools/screenFrame_icon,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/screenFrame_icon.png
texture:id=rftools/shieldTemplate,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/shieldTemplate.png
texture:id=rftools/shieldTemplate1,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/shieldTemplate1.png
texture:id=rftools/shieldTemplate2,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/shieldTemplate2.png
texture:id=rftools/shieldTemplate3,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/shieldTemplate3.png
texture:id=rftools/shieldtexture,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/shieldtexture.png
texture:id=rftools/supportBlock,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/supportBlock.png
texture:id=rftools/supportRedBlock,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/supportRedBlock.png
texture:id=rftools/supportYellowBlock,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/supportYellowBlock.png
texture:id=rftools/timeAbsorber,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/timeAbsorber.png
texture:id=rftools/volcanic,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/volcanic.png
texture:id=rftools/volcanicCore,filename=assets/rftools/textures/blocks/volcanicCore.png



# %machineFrame:* (machineFrame), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.MachineFrame
block:id=%machineFrame,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %machineBase:* (machineBase), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.MachineBase
block:id=%machineBase,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %rfMonitorBlock:* (rfMonitorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.monitor.RFMonitorBlock
block:id=%rfMonitorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineFront,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %liquidMonitorBlock:* (liquidMonitorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.monitor.LiquidMonitorBlock
block:id=%liquidMonitorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineFrontLiquid,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %crafterBlock1:* (crafterBlock1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.crafter.CrafterBlock
block:id=%crafterBlock1,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineCrafter1,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %crafterBlock2:* (crafterBlock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.crafter.CrafterBlock
block:id=%crafterBlock2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineCrafter2,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %crafterBlock3:* (crafterBlock3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.crafter.CrafterBlock
block:id=%crafterBlock3,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineCrafter3,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %relayBlock:* (relayBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.relay.RelayBlock
block:id=%relayBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineRelay_on,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %itemFilterBlock:* (itemFilterBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.itemfilter.ItemFilterBlock
block:id=%itemFilterBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineItemFilterD,face1=0:rftools/machineItemFilterU,face2=0:rftools/machineItemFilterN,face3=0:rftools/machineItemFilterS,face4=0:rftools/machineItemFilterW,face5=0:rftools/machineItemFilterE

# %dimletFilterBlock:* (dimletFilterBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.itemfilter.DimletFilterBlock
block:id=%dimletFilterBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineDimletFilterD,face1=0:rftools/machineDimletFilterU,face2=0:rftools/machineDimletFilterN,face3=0:rftools/machineDimletFilterS,face4=0:rftools/machineDimletFilterW,face5=0:rftools/machineDimletFilterE

# %storageScannerBlock:* (storageScannerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.storagemonitor.StorageScannerBlock
block:id=%storageScannerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineStorageScanner,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %machineInfuserBlock:* (machineInfuserBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.infuser.MachineInfuserBlock
block:id=%machineInfuserBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineMachineInfuser,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %environmentalControllerBlock:* (environmentalControllerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.environmental.EnvironmentalControllerBlock
block:id=%environmentalControllerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineEnvironmentalController,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %spawnerBlock:* (spawnerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spawner.SpawnerBlock
block:id=%spawnerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineSpawner,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %matterBeamerBlock:* (matterBeamerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spawner.MatterBeamerBlock
block:id=%matterBeamerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineBeamerOff

# %volcanicCoreBlock:* (volcanicCoreBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.special.VolcanicCoreBlock
block:id=%volcanicCoreBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/volcanicCore

# %volcanicBlock:* (volcanicBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.special.VolcanicBlock
block:id=%volcanicBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/volcanic

# %screenBlock:* (screenBlock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.screens.ScreenBlock
block:id=%screenBlock,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/screenFrame_icon
block:id=%screenBlock,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:rftools/screenFrame_icon
block:id=%screenBlock,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/screenFrame_icon

# %screenHitBlock:* (screenHitBlock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.screens.ScreenHitBlock
block:id=%screenHitBlock,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/screenFrame_icon
block:id=%screenHitBlock,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:rftools/screenFrame_icon
block:id=%screenHitBlock,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/screenFrame_icon

# %screenControllerBlock:* (screenControllerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.screens.ScreenControllerBlock
block:id=%screenControllerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineScreenController,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dimletResearcherBlock:* (dimletResearcherBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimletResearcherBlock
block:id=%dimletResearcherBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDimletResearcher,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dimletScramblerBlock:* (dimletScramblerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimletScramblerBlock
block:id=%dimletScramblerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDimletScrambler,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dimensionEnscriberBlock:* (dimensionEnscriberBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimensionEnscriberBlock
block:id=%dimensionEnscriberBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDimensionEnscriber,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dimensionBuilderBlock:* (dimensionBuilderBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimensionBuilderBlock
block:id=%dimensionBuilderBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDimensionBuilder,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %creativeDimensionBuilderBlock:* (creativeDimensionBuilderBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimensionBuilderBlock
block:id=%creativeDimensionBuilderBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:rftools/machineSideC,face3=0:rftools/machineDimensionBuilderC,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSideC

# %dimensionEditorBlock:* (dimensionEditorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimensionEditorBlock
block:id=%dimensionEditorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDimensionEditor,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dimensionMonitorBlock:* (dimensionMonitorBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.DimensionMonitorBlock
block:id=%dimensionMonitorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineDimMonitorTop,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dimensionalShardBlock:* (dimensionalShardBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalShardBlock
block:id=%dimensionalShardBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/dimensionalShardOre

# %dimensionalBlankBlock:* (dimensionalBlankBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalBlankBlock
block:id=%dimensionalBlankBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/dimblock_blank_stone

# %dimensionalBlock:* (dimensionalBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalBlock
block:id=%dimensionalBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/dimblock_block

# %dimensionalSmallBlocks:* (dimensionalSmallBlocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalSmallBlocks
block:id=%dimensionalSmallBlocks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/dimblock_small_blocks

# %dimensionalCrossBlock:* (dimensionalCrossBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalCrossBlock
block:id=%dimensionalCrossBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:rftools/dimblock_pattern3,face2-5=0:rftools/dimblock_pattern1

# %dimensionalCross2Block:* (dimensionalCross2Block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalCross2Block
block:id=%dimensionalCross2Block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:rftools/dimblock_pattern4,face2-5=0:rftools/dimblock_pattern1

# %dimensionalPattern1Block:* (dimensionalPattern1Block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalPattern1Block
block:id=%dimensionalPattern1Block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:rftools/dimblock_blank_stone,face2-5=0:rftools/dimblock_pattern5

# %dimensionalPattern2Block:* (dimensionalPattern2Block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shards.DimensionalPattern2Block
block:id=%dimensionalPattern2Block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:rftools/dimblock_blank_stone,face2-5=0:rftools/dimblock_pattern6

# %activityProbeBlock:* (activityProbeBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.ActivityProbeBlock
block:id=%activityProbeBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineActivityProbe

# %energyExtractorBlock:* (energyExtractorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimlets.EnergyExtractorBlock
block:id=%energyExtractorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineEnergyExtractor,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %matterTransmitterBlock:* (matterTransmitterBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.teleporter.MatterTransmitterBlock
block:id=%matterTransmitterBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTransmitter,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %matterReceiverBlock:* (matterReceiverBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.teleporter.MatterReceiverBlock
block:id=%matterReceiverBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineReceiver,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %dialingDeviceBlock:* (dialingDeviceBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.teleporter.DialingDeviceBlock
block:id=%dialingDeviceBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDialingDevice,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %simpleDialerBlock:* (simpleDialerBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.teleporter.SimpleDialerBlock
block:id=%simpleDialerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineSimpleDialer,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %destinationAnalyzerBlock:* (destinationAnalyzerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.teleporter.DestinationAnalyzerBlock
block:id=%destinationAnalyzerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineDestinationAnalyzer,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %matterBoosterBlock:* (matterBoosterBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.teleporter.MatterBoosterBlock
block:id=%matterBoosterBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineMatterBooster,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %endergenicBlock:* (endergenicBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.endergen.EndergenicBlock
block:id=%endergenicBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineEndergenic,face1=0:rftools/machineEndergenicUp,face2-5=0:rftools/machineEndergenic

# %pearlInjectorBlock:* (pearlInjectorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.endergen.PearlInjectorBlock
block:id=%pearlInjectorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machinePearlInjector,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %enderMonitorBlock:* (enderMonitorBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.endergen.EnderMonitorBlock
block:id=%enderMonitorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineEnderMonitorTop,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %sequencerBlock:* (sequencerBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.SequencerBlock
block:id=%sequencerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineSequencerTop,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %timerBlock:* (timerBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.TimerBlock
block:id=%timerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTimerTop,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %counterBlock:* (counterBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.CounterBlock
block:id=%counterBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineCounterTop,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %redstoneTransmitterBlock:* (redstoneTransmitterBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.RedstoneTransmitterBlock
block:id=%redstoneTransmitterBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineRedstoneTransmitter,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %redstoneReceiverBlock:* (redstoneReceiverBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.LogicSlabRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.logic.RedstoneReceiverBlock
block:id=%redstoneReceiverBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineRedstoneReceiver,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %shieldBlock:* (shieldBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.ShieldBlock
block:id=%shieldBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineShieldProjector

# %shieldBlock2:* (shieldBlock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.ShieldBlock
block:id=%shieldBlock2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineShieldProjector

# %shieldBlock3:* (shieldBlock3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.ShieldBlock
block:id=%shieldBlock3,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineShieldProjector

# %shieldBlock4:* (shieldBlock4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.ShieldBlock
block:id=%shieldBlock4,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/machineShieldProjector

# %invisibleShieldBlock:* (invisibleShieldBlock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.InvisibleShieldBlock
block:id=%invisibleShieldBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/shieldtexture

# %noTickInvisibleShieldBlock:* (noTickInvisibleShieldBlock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.NoTickInvisibleShieldBlock
block:id=%noTickInvisibleShieldBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/shieldtexture

# %solidShieldBlock:* (solidShieldBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.SolidShieldBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.SolidShieldBlock
block:id=%solidShieldBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldtexture

# %noTickolidShieldBlock:* (noTickolidShieldBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.SolidShieldBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.NoTickSolidShieldBlock
block:id=%noTickolidShieldBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldtexture

# %shieldTemplateBlock:* (shieldTemplateBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.shield.ShieldTemplateBlock
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate1
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate2
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate3
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate1
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate2
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate3
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate1
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate2
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate3
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate1
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate2
block:id=%shieldTemplateBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/shieldTemplate3

# %dimletWorkbenchBlock:* (dimletWorkbenchBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimletconstruction.DimletWorkbenchBlock
block:id=%dimletWorkbenchBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineSide,face1=0:rftools/machineDimletWorkbenchTop,face2-5=0:rftools/machineDimletWorkbenchSide

# %biomeAbsorberBlock:* (biomeAbsorberBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimletconstruction.BiomeAbsorberBlock
block:id=%biomeAbsorberBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/biomeAbsorber

# %materialAbsorberBlock:* (materialAbsorberBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimletconstruction.MaterialAbsorberBlock
block:id=%materialAbsorberBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/materialAbsorber

# %liquidAbsorberBlock:* (liquidAbsorberBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimletconstruction.LiquidAbsorberBlock
block:id=%liquidAbsorberBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/liquidAbsorber

# %timeAbsorberBlock:* (timeAbsorberBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.dimletconstruction.TimeAbsorberBlock
block:id=%timeAbsorberBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rftools/timeAbsorber

# %proxyBlock:* (proxyBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.ProxyBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.ProxyBlock
block:id=%proxyBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2196_proxyBlock

# %spaceChamberBlock:* (spaceChamberBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.SpaceChamberBlock
block:id=%spaceChamberBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/machineSpaceChamber

# %spaceChamberControllerBlock:* (spaceChamberControllerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.SpaceChamberControllerBlock
block:id=%spaceChamberControllerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/machineSpaceChamberController

# %spaceProjectorBlock:* (spaceProjectorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.SpaceProjectorBlock
block:id=%spaceProjectorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineSpaceProjector,face2-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %builderBlock:* (builderBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.BuilderBlock
block:id=%builderBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineBuilder,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %supportBlock:* (supportBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.spaceprojector.SupportBlock
block:id=%supportBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/supportBlock
block:id=%supportBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/supportYellowBlock
block:id=%supportBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/supportRedBlock
block:id=%supportBlock,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rftools/supportBlock

# %blockProtectorBlock:* (blockProtectorBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.blockprotector.BlockProtectorBlock
block:id=%blockProtectorBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineBlockProtector,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %modularStorageBlock:* (modularStorageBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.storage.ModularStorageRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.storage.ModularStorageBlock
block:id=%modularStorageBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineModularStorage,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %remoteStorageBlock:* (remoteStorageBlock), render=mcjty.rftools.blocks.storage.RemoteStorageRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.storage.RemoteStorageBlock
block:id=%remoteStorageBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineRemoteStorage,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide

# %securityManagerBlock:* (securityManagerBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mcjty.rftools.blocks.security.SecurityManagerBlock
block:id=%securityManagerBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:rftools/machineBottom,face1=0:rftools/machineTop,face2=0:rftools/machineSide,face3=0:rftools/machineSecurityManager,face4-5=0:rftools/machineSide
