# RotaryCraft v30c
version:1.7
modname:RotaryCraft



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=RotaryCraft/anthra,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/anthra.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/beam,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/beam.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bedrock,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/blastfurn_front,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/blastfurn_front.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/blastfurn_side,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/blastfurn_side.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/borer_back,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/borer_back.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/borer_front,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/borer_front.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bridge_1,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bridge_1.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bridge_2,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bridge_2.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bridge_3,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bridge_3.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bridge_4,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bridge_4.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bridge_side,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bridge_side.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bucketfiller,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bucketfiller.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bucketfiller_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bucketfiller_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bundledbus_front,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bundledbus_front.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bus_east,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bus_east.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bus_north,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bus_north.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bus_south,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bus_south.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/bus_west,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bus_west.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/buscontroller,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/buscontroller.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/0,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/0.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/1,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/1.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/2,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/2.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/3,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/3.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/4,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/4.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/5,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/5.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/6,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/6.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/7,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/7.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/8,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/8.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/canola/9,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/canola/9.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/coke,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/coke.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/crafter_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/crafter_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/destruct,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/destruct.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/drops_back,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/drops_back.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/drops_front,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/drops_front.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/ecu_side,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/ecu_side.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/ecu_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/ecu_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/ferm_back,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/ferm_back.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/ferm_front,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/ferm_front.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/filler,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/filler.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/filter_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/filter_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/firew_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/firew_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_desert,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_desert.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_end,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_end.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_grass,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_grass.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_hills,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_hills.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_ice,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_ice.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_jungle,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_jungle.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_mushroom,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_mushroom.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_nether,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_nether.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_ocean,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_ocean.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_snow,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_snow.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_swamp,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gpr/gpr_top_swamp.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gun_back,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gun_back.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/gun_front,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/gun_front.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/igniter,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/igniter.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/itempipe/back,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/itempipe/back.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/itempipe/intake_4,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/itempipe/intake_4.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/itempipe/intake_5,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/itempipe/intake_5.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/itempipe/intake_9,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/itempipe/intake_9.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/lamp,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/lamp.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/lons,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/lons.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/minepipe,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/minepipe.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/minepipe2,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/minepipe2.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/musicbox,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/musicbox.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/obsidiglass,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/obsidiglass.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/particle_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/particle_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/purifier,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/purifier.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/refresh,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/refresh.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/screen,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/screen.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/shield,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/shield.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/sorter_bottom,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/sorter_bottom.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/sorter_input,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/sorter_input.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/sorter_side,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/sorter_side.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/sorter_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/sorter_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/spiller,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/spiller.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/steel,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/steel.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/steel_dark,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/steel_dark.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/steel_dark_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/steel_dark_top.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/trans,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/trans.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/worktable,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/worktable.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/worktable_bottom,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/worktable_bottom.png
texture:id=RotaryCraft/worktable_top,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/worktable_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/glass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glass.png
texture:id=minecraft/lapis_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/lapis_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/nether_brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/nether_brick.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/redstone_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/redstone_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_bottom.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/bedrock,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/steel,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/steel.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_0,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_0.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_1,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_1.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_2,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_2.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_3,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_3.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_4,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_4.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_5,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_5.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_6,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_6.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_7,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_7.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_8,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_8.png
texture:id=rotarycraft/tank/tank_9,filename=assets/rotarycraft/textures/blocks/tank/tank_9.png



# %rotarycraft_block_advancedgear:* (rotarycraft_block_advancedgear), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockAdvGear
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_advancedgear,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_advancedgear,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_dir:* (rotarycraft_block_dir), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockDMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dir,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face4=0:RotaryCraft/borer_front,face5=0:RotaryCraft/borer_back
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dir,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/steel_dark_top,face2-3=0:RotaryCraft/steel_dark,face4=0:RotaryCraft/gun_front,face5=0:RotaryCraft/gun_back
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dir,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/sorter_bottom,face1=0:RotaryCraft/sorter_top,face2-4=0:RotaryCraft/sorter_side,face5=0:RotaryCraft/sorter_input
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dir,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face2-4=0:RotaryCraft/buscontroller,face5=0:RotaryCraft/borer_back
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dir,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/itempipe/intake_9,face2=0:RotaryCraft/itempipe/intake_4,face3=0:RotaryCraft/itempipe/intake_5,face4=0:RotaryCraft/itempipe/back,face5=0:RotaryCraft/steel_dark_top
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dir,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face4=0:RotaryCraft/bundledbus_front,face5=0:RotaryCraft/borer_back

# %rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv:* (rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockDMIMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dirmodelinv,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_dirmodel:* (rotarycraft_block_dirmodel), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockDMMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dirmodel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_engine:* (rotarycraft_block_engine), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockEngine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_engine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_gpr:* (rotarycraft_block_gpr), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockGPR
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_grass,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_mushroom,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_jungle,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_hills,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_ocean,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_desert,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_snow,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_nether,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_end,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_swamp,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gpr,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/gpr/gpr_top_ice,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_flywheel:* (rotarycraft_block_flywheel), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockFlywheel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_flywheel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_gearbox:* (rotarycraft_block_gearbox), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockGearbox
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_gearbox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_inv:* (rotarycraft_block_inv), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockIMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face4=0:RotaryCraft/ferm_front,face5=0:RotaryCraft/ferm_back
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/firew_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:RotaryCraft/blastfurn_side,face4=0:RotaryCraft/blastfurn_front,face5=0:RotaryCraft/blastfurn_side
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/igniter
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/purifier,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/bucketfiller_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/bucketfiller
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/worktable_bottom,face1=0:RotaryCraft/worktable_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/worktable
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/crafter_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel_dark
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face4=0:RotaryCraft/drops_front,face5=0:RotaryCraft/drops_back
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_inv,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/filter_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel_dark

# %rotarycraft_block_basic:* (rotarycraft_block_basic), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/ecu_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/ecu_side
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/musicbox
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/refresh
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/destruct
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/lamp
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face2=0:RotaryCraft/bus_north,face3=0:RotaryCraft/bus_south,face4=0:RotaryCraft/bus_west,face5=0:RotaryCraft/bus_east
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/screen,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/steel,face1=0:RotaryCraft/particle_top,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/spiller,face1-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_basic,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:RotaryCraft/filler,face1-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_modelinv:* (rotarycraft_block_modelinv), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockMIMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_modelinv,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_model:* (rotarycraft_block_model), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockMMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_model,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_piping:* (rotarycraft_block_piping), render=Reika.RotaryCraft.PipeBodyRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockPiping
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/planks_oak,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:rotarycraft/steel,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/obsidian,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=3,stdrot=true,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/redstone_block,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/sandstone_bottom,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/lapis_block,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/nether_brick,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_piping,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:rotarycraft/bedrock,face1-5=12000:minecraft/glass

# %rotarycraft_block_shaft:* (rotarycraft_block_shaft), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockShaft
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_shaft,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_trans:* (rotarycraft_block_trans), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockTrans
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_trans,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_modelinv2:* (rotarycraft_block_modelinv2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockMIMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_modelinv2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_solar:* (rotarycraft_block_solar), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockSolar
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_solar,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_bcengine:* (rotarycraft_block_bcengine), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockModEngine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_bcengine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_model2:* (rotarycraft_block_model2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockMMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_model2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2:* (rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockDMMachine
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_dirmodel2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:rotarycraft/steel

# %rotarycraft_block_deco:* (rotarycraft_block_deco), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockDeco
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_deco,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/steel
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_deco,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/anthra
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_deco,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/lons
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_deco,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/shield
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_deco,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/bedrock
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_deco,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/coke

# %rotarycraft_block_canola:* (rotarycraft_block_canola), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockCanola
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/0
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/1
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/2
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/3
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/4
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/5
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/6
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/7
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/8
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_canola,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:RotaryCraft/canola/9

# %rotarycraft_block_light:* (rotarycraft_block_light), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockLightblock
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_light,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/trans

# %rotarycraft_block_beam:* (rotarycraft_block_beam), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockBeam
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_beam,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/trans,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/beam

# %rotarycraft_block_bridge:* (rotarycraft_block_bridge), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockLightBridge
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_bridge,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_1,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_side
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_bridge,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_2,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_side
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_bridge,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_3,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_side
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_bridge,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_4,face2-5=0:RotaryCraft/bridge_side

# %rotarycraft_block_miningpipe:* (rotarycraft_block_miningpipe), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockMiningPipe
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_miningpipe,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/minepipe
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_miningpipe,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/minepipe
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_miningpipe,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/minepipe2

# %rotarycraft_block_blastglass:* (rotarycraft_block_blastglass), render=Reika.RotaryCraft.ConnectedGlassRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockBlastGlass
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_blastglass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/obsidiglass

# %rotarycraft_block_blastpane:* (rotarycraft_block_blastpane), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockBlastPane
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_blastpane,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:RotaryCraft/obsidiglass

# %rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice:* (rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockBedrockSlice
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_bedrockslice,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# %rotarycraft_block_decotank:* (rotarycraft_block_decotank), render=Reika.RotaryCraft.ConnectedGlassRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.RotaryCraft.Blocks.BlockDecoTank
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_0
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_1
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_2
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_3
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_4
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_5
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_6
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_7
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_8
block:id=%rotarycraft_block_decotank,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:rotarycraft/tank/tank_9
